h1. NEWS

h2(#4-2-1). 4.2.1: 2015-09-26

h3. Improvements

* [GitHub#18] Supported non Rails environment such as Padrino.
  [Patch by KITAITI Makoto]

h3. Thanks

* KITAITI Makoto

h2(#4-2-0). 4.2.0: 2014-12-23

h3. Improvements

* Supported Rails 4.2.0.
* [GitHub#11] Supported yielding block on {ActiveGroonga::Base#initialize}.
  [Patch by Eito Katagiri]
* [GitHub#13][development] Reduced needless @make@ on testing.
  [Patch by Eito Katagiri]
* [GitHub#17] Added @groonga:migrate:status@ task that is similar to
  @db:migrate:status@ task.
  [Patch by Eito Katagiri]

h3. Fixes

* [GitHub#14] Fixed URL in document.
  [Patch by Eito Katagiri]
* [GitHub#15] Fixed a bug that @Groonga::NoSuchColumn@ is raised when
  iterating {ActiveGroonga::ResultSet} that is created with
  {ActiveGroonga::Base.select} of @Groonga::Hash@ table.
  [Patch by Eito Katagiri]
* [GitHub#16] Fixed indentation in generated migration file.
  [Patch by Eito Katagiri]
* Fixed a bug that @updated_at@ isn't updated on creating a record.
  [Reported by niku]

h3. Thanks

* Eito Katagiri
* niku

h2(#4-0-0). 4.0.0: 2013-08-29

h3. Improvements

* [GitHub#9] Supported Rails 4.0.0. Rails < 4 support is dropped.
  [Reported by Eito Katagiri]

h3. Thanks

* Eito Katagiri

h2(#2-1-4). 2.1.4: 2013-03-18

h3. Fixes

* Fixed a bug that sorted records don't have score.

h2(#2-1-3). 2.1.3: 2013-01-06

h3. Improvements

* [GitHub#8] Supported reference column to key support tables such as
  hash table. [Reported by Kenta Sato]

h3. Thanks

* Kenta Sato

h2(#2-1-2). 2.1.2: 2013-01-04

h3. Improvements

* Required activemodel 3.2.10 or later.
* Required rroonga 2.1.2 or later.
* Supported Kaminari 0.14.0 or later.

h3. Thanks

* Kazuhiro Yoshida

h2(#2-1-1). 2.1.1: 2013-01-03

h3. Improvements

* Required rroogna 2.1.1 or later.
* [GitHub#4] Sorted columns in inspect. [Patch by SHIMADA Koji]
* [GitHub#5] Added missing YARD related configurations. [Patch by SHIMADA Koji]
* [GitHub#7] Migrated to Bundler from Jeweler. [Suggested by YasuOza]

h3. Fixes

* [GitHub#1] Suppressed warnings on Rails 3.2.0. [Patch by SHIMADA Koji]
* [GitHub#2] Fixed test script path. [Patch by SHIMADA Koji]
* [GitHub#3] Added missing database close on test. [Patch by SHIMADA Koji]
* [GitHub#6] FIxed wrong assertions in test. [Patch by SHIMADA Koji]

h3. Thanks

* SHIMADA Koji
* YasuOza

h2(#1-0-7). 1.0.7: 2011-11-29

h3. Improvements

* Forced to set Rails.env = "test" on test.

h2. 1.0.6: 2011-09-16

h3. Improvements

* supported rspec-rails.
* added {ActiveGroonga::ResultSet#empty?}.

h3. Fixes

* suppressed warnings on Rails 3.1.0.

h2. 1.0.5: 2011-09-04

h3. Improvements

* Supported Rails 3.1.0.
* groonga:seed showes seed candidate files on not found.
* Used YARD.
* Added {ActiveGroonga::Base.sort_keys}.
* Added {ActiveGroonga::Base.limit}.

h3. Fixes

* Fixed groonga:seed dependency.

h2. 1.0.4: 2011-04-01

h3. Improvements

* Supported Kaminari. (View interface only)

h2. 1.0.3: 2010-12-25

h3. Improvements

* Supported score.

h2. 1.0.1: 2010-11-29

h3. Improvements

* generator: Supported table type customize.
* Added ActiveGroonga::Base.exists?.
* Added ActiveGroonga::Base.all.

h3. Changes

* Changed to use record key instead of record ID for record
  identifier for hash table and patricia trie.

h2. 1.0.0: 2010-11-29

* Support Rails 3.

h2. 0.0.7: 2009-10-02

* Support Ruby/groonga 0.0.7.

h2. 0.0.6: 2009-07-31

* Support Ruby/groonga 0.0.6.

h2. 0.0.2: 2009-06-05

* Support Ruby/groonga 0.0.2.

h2. 0.0.1: 2009-04-30

* Initial release!
